# Data-Modelling-and-Visualisation
This data visualisation demonstrates the insights developed from financial information and sales data of a hypothetical company and the insights we have identified are:
1. Impact of COVID-19 on sales and expenses on our Tokyo Branch Office. 

In period 1(2018 to 2020), the increase in sales and net income is consistent with research conducted by the NPD group, which suggests that toy sales increased from 2019 to 2020 due to more disposable income being spent on toys rather than leisure activities during the lockdown period (Tsai, 2021). Whereas, in period 2(2021-2022), although the global toy market is taking a dip in sales (Verdon, 2019), there was an increase in sales, net income and COGS, indicating TGL’s ability to retain customer loyalty despite the increase in the costs of living and goods in the post-pandemic economy (Patel, 2022).
In addition, there was a decline in marketing expenses and the sales-to-marketing ratio across both periods. This trend is not surprising due to Covid-19, which resulted in budget cuts among various industries. For warranty and other expenses, there was a general increase, further reinforcing the effect of the increase in cost during covid pandemic. Lastly, the distribution of expenses remained constant over the periods except for 2019, whereby COGS decreased due to technological advancement in Japan (UNESCO, 2019). 

2. Product Performance  
We focused our findings on the forecasted sales as the breakdown for the expenses is unavailable. Using a bar chart to categorise the relevant products and a line graph allowed us to compare the actual and forecasted figures with prior periods and determine seasonal trends for the products. All products have similar peaks in the months of July and December, which can be due to the vacation period and the holidays and festive season, respectively, potentially increasing the demand for toys (Robinson, 2022). Based on our graph, IE003 has the greatest projected peak sales of 4.5 million in July 2023, followed by IE002 with roughly 2.35 million sales and IE001 with roughly 1.4 million sales in the same month. To maximise their revenue, we advise TGL to concentrate primarily on IE003 sales while increasing IE001 and IE002 manufacturing.

3. Top Performing Branch Office  
Over the years, the performance for Branch Offices 1, 3, 4 and 5 was largely consistent, with Branch Offices 1 and 5 having comparatively higher net incomes. The difference in locations between Branch Office 5 in Taiwan, which focuses on industrialisation, and Branch Office 1 in Japan, which focuses on technology (UNESCO, 2019), could account for Branch Office 5's higher net income. In contrast, Branch Office 2’s net income increased rapidly from 2018 to 2022, which can be shown through the highest % change in net income, which could be attributed to the population growth in Korea, presenting a chance for the toy industry’s expansion (Research Nester, 2023). 
In terms of net profit margin, Branch Office 1 was relatively stable, with net profit margins being between 0.5449 and 0.5631 across the 5 years.  In comparison, Branch Office 2’s net profit margin increased rapidly from 0.2770 in 2018 to 0.3646 in 2019, and had minor fluctuations between 0.3646 and 0.3896 from 2019 to 2022. For Branch Office 3, the net profit margins were the lowest out of the 5 branches and a much lower increase, from 0.1929 to 0.2736, as compared to Branch Office 2. In Branch Office 4’s case, there was an increase from 0.3502 in 2018 to 0.4901 in 2021, with a slight dip to 0.4546 in 2022. As for Branch Office 5, it achieved relatively stable net profit margins between 0.38 and 0.44. Hence, Branch Offices 1 and 5 had stable net profit margins, demonstrating their ability to manage their expenses more efficiently compared to Branch Offices 2, 3 and 4.
Since Branch Offices 1 and 5 have the highest net incomes and net profit margins, we decided to compare their expenses to identify the better performer. With the exception of the Other Expenses, Branch Office 1's marketing costs, warranty expenses and COGS are significantly lower than those of Branch Office 5, indicating that for every dollar spent on these expenses, Branch Office 1 generates more revenue than does Branch Office 5. Despite a decline in marketing costs over time, Branch Office 1's sales do not appear to have been impacted, as evidenced by its high net income, suggesting that the company is using successful marketing tactics to prevent this decline from impacting net income. This claim is further supported by the sales-to-total-expenses ratio, which shows that Branch Office 1 has the highest ratio of this growth.
Although Branch Office 5 has a higher net income compared to Branch Office 1, when we look at the factors such as the expenses, it implies that Branch Office 1 performs better as it indicates their competence at increasing sales while incurring fewer costs.
